Just like before I already created a little template a little aged team all code for the form with which
we're going to work.
It looks like this.
And you can find it attached to this video.
Now as I said in the reactive approach the form is created programmatically.
So in times of code.
So this is where we should start working on it.
In this app component here in this type of file here I want you create a new property which will hold
my form in the end and no worries programmatically doesn't mean from scratch and ular offers us a lot
of tools to quickly create such a form.
So once you store it in a property which you may give any name you like I'll name it.
Sign up form and important this will be of type form group not good or important but since it's important
Understand I'm going to import it manually this time form group needs to be imported from at angular
forums.
This is the forms package has to name say s and it contains a lot of classes.
We will work with a template driven approach.
We already imported Engy form from it.
Now Engy form last is automatically created wrapper.
You could say but it was wrapping a form group in the end because an angular of form Indianised just
a group of controls.
And this is what a forum group holds.
Therefore the overall forum also is just a forum group.
Now this is all we don't need to set an initial value for now.
This gives us a property with which we can work which will hold our form in the end.
Not important for the reactive approach to work especially later when we connect our programmatically
treated foreign to our age Jammal code.
You need to import something an AB module.
You don't need the forms module.
This is required for the template approach.
Instead you need the reactive forms module.
Make sure to also imported appear from an angler forms so re-active forms Marchal.
This is the module containing all the tools we need now to build our form on our own and then connected
to our AGM all code.
So back in the template in the next would you we're going to create the actual form